Dr. Zhou's illness is a bit like a stroke and hemiplegia
Why don't you take a look again?
Who are you?
Brother Zhou, this Zhang Feng is your intern
I brought him to report today
Ah, you are Zhang Feng?
Hello Doctor Zhou
A lot of advice
How do you know what's wrong with him?
You can't cure me by yourself
And use an intern to fool me
Let me tell you something.
You won't cure me today
I let the whole village know
You bunch of quacks!
Auntie, do you have three highs?
Yeah. Hey.
What does this have to do with a crooked neck?
So when did you start like this?
Jumped in the fecal water half an hour ago
Ouch, it's all flashed
The neck is not as simple as flashing
If you don't treat it right away
Maybe it will be crooked for the rest of its life.
Boy, don't scare me